hi I'm Rick Jones I've seated in front
of a 1967 yamaha grant on this piano
king to us with a finish that wasn't all
that nice it was dinged up so we
stripped it and refinished it in a
perfect flawless satin entity finish the
piano has been weakened has original
strength to sound board and bridges of
perfect action is like new the hammers
in really good condition and it actually
looks like a brand-new piano if you're
looking at a new one the list price six
foot satin ebony piano list for 46 so
you've got to start from there and work
your way down we're asking 10,000 898
for it with a 10-year warning to me I
just finished tuning it and the piano I
think it pound for pound it's the most
piano for the least amount of money in
here it has an exquisite tone
functioning little pop sostenuto pedal
and it's got a killer sound listen to it
especially in the face have a set of
headphones instead of using your
external speakers around your computer
put on some headphones and listen
you
six it's bright it's not like ear
piercing right I give the touch of five
that's perfect and you know I was
playing his pin and looking it over I
was thinking there's a new yamaha grant
look or sound or play $20,000 better
than this piano does it have a better
warranty no and rpn our pianist come
with a lifetime traded you can't do that
with a new one you buy a new one for 38
or 40 two thousand dollars good luck
trying to get a hundred percent of your
money back towards another piano I don't
think it happens and here every piano we
sell this piano is less than a full size
52 inch yamaha upright made in japan so
here it is a six-foot brand with a
beautiful traditional satin ebony finish
you can come in and try it out it's over
here in the rope too if your long
distance if you haven't done it yet
click the testimonial page at the top
and really customers say about us from
all over the country we never asked
anybody to write us a thank you letter
or email us what they do and also click
the slideshow presentation next to this
video to see a lot of close-ups and
really good pictures that Paul takes to
the piano inside not its elegant and FC
flaws it looks like a branding piano
inside now and what a terrific tone for
the money so call us toll-free and order
it if you were to purchase it long
distance call us for a shipping quote
will be amazed how inexpensive it is to
get it to your state professionally set
up in your home with one free tuning in
the home if you were to purchase it
online using our toll-free number in a
few days you would get a UPS box and it
would be all your warranty information
free t-shirts coupon for your first
tuning and a list of registered piano
technicians that live in your area that
will service it over the ten-year
warranty period you can't beat it also
we can provide you a list of customers
that live in your state and you call
them up and ask them these are customers
that own the same model or a very
similar piano and a lot of them up at
the piano for years and years and call
them up and ask them if they buy another
piano from us I think
be really pleased so call us toll free
or come out and try it out here on the
end of row two thanks